yo what's up everybody this video's pie
long overdue what I'm going to do my air
jordan 15 review um unfortunately i got
one pair of these shoes so this video
might be quick as hell but before i get
into the review i just want to give a
shout out to um I don't know how to
pronounce your name man but I'm on my
butcher the shit out this shit but I
believe its n meant TV so our farm is
pronounced that joint man but just want
to get a shout out to him and cuz uh
he's a good guy dude for real like he
shot me on one of his videos I think
it's kind of new to the youtube thing he
only has four videos but um you know he
got the effort technics on my video and
on his video you know he said like if he
thought I didn't get danford pack he was
gonna like offer me on his other his of
it because you got two pairs he's
offered me the other ones but I like
retail price you know and to me I mean I
really appreciate that man you know for
somebody that really doesn't know me
like that you know offer that and he's a
mad cool guy who for real so for all
users I was describing me or watching my
channel imma put his link at the
description box and so you guys check
him out and subscribe man cuz he's a
really down-to-earth dude so definitely
check them out man and let me know if I
butchered your name too and I'll get
that straight now but definitely check
them out so let's get into this air join
of 15 now I only have one pair and it is
actually an OG pay I don't have any
retros and um it is the Obsidian white
metallic silver still got the tag 101
4999 so let me show you these kids mine
is still fresh me i got i got these
years ago at least like five or six
years i believe i don't know i got it
for real cheap price on ebay back in the
day but now the thing about these shoes
is not too many people like them I don't
anybody like me personally I don't
anybody that like some like my good
friend that lives next door to me we
grew up together into jade he tasty shit
like damn he hates them he said he
looked like elf shoes because the thing
is these shoes were actually modeled
after like a jet two teeth like a jet
plane or some shit like that just 15 aha
I don't know what complaint it was but
to me the 13 um the 12 and the 15 seemed
like a shoe that will pie last you
forever I mean all these souls are like
crucial you know I'm saying they feel
like they can't they can't wear out but
they got like this whole like I don't
even know what this is like this whole
type of style and they have like weird
little stitching on the side um the
thing the cool thing about it is in the
back has three numbers they have a 23
which of course Jordan one is Jersey 6
was represent 6 ring 31 and 15 which is
i believe the shoe because this is the
shoe the shoe 15 but I mean it's not
much to a man um I'll show you the box
actually came in like this weird zigzag
type of thing because you know the
tongue is all weird but my favorite
color way of these shoes are the black
ones honestly I mean I like the 15 you
know if I could I like these and I like
the black ones the first color wants a
black with like um silver but um I you
know with every ji hat man was pretty
much everything I own just collecting
thing I always have a story now i want
to tell you i want to tell you a story
of a when i first saw these now back in
the day 10 years ago i didn't use
internet man and you know the fucking
and it was until like 1998 or like 99
when I was like 14 so back in the day
for me when I wanted to see like when
the new jordan was coming out or would
it look like i look at magazines i
looked at slam magazine but the first
time I ever saw the 15 um was me my boy
ten years ago man I mean if y'all it's
all like my age or older whatever you
got i'm sure you guys watched rap city
in the basement well big titty or
whatever
and this man had a lot of Jordans I mean
my friend Washington one time and you
see big tigger you know he was uh I
don't know he was interviewing but it
was like the beginning of the show and
he was sitting down on a sofa and yet
his feet kicked up like this you know
saying he was like this and you know and
he was wearing the 15 he was wearing the
black ones with the silver ones and you
can only see the soul and like half of
it I mean my friend were like oh shit
dude those are the new JS though the
15th and I thought don't they look
awesome I thought those were like the
coolest looking Jordans because going
from the 14 to this was like so
different and man i love the 15s dude i
love the man like not not many people
like them you know but whatever I mean
everybody got thrown taste whatever I
mean that I'm not gonna knock everybody
for having their opinion on shit so but
I like them they're really comfy and I
believe these are a size 8 I usually
wear and a half so they run a little big
so these actually fit perfect and they
don't even well for me they really don't
crease like that but I try to keep them
really good condition but yeah man that
was the first in my song first time I
ever saw the fifteens was on rush
sitting in the basement and I thought
they were so tight but now you know now
it's all about the internet so I mean
usually everybody's going to see like
ticks that you know come about everybody
knows what she looks like a year before
they come out but yeah man those are the
day man before internet and cell phones
and all that shit miss sometimes but
that was my review on my Air Jordans 15
I do still want to get the black ones
but may every time I see him they go for
like 150 180 200 so I'm not going to pay
that much system 15 you know saying fuck
it i'll just wait till maybe they retro
or maybe they might go down in price but
I'm in no hurry to get them so yeah man
but uh as a matter of fact I just
noticed the soul also has another number
which is 2 17 now if my knowledge kicks
in I think that's Michael Jordan's
birthday februari 17th
be wrong by me what else would that be
you know I'm saying I just know it's
that right now man I'm learning as I go
but once again guys thanks so much for
watching my videos and also check out
and mint TV I think it's high sit good
guy definitely um subscribe to him and
you know once again I'm going in order
so the next Jordan view i'm going to do
or the 16s so watch out for that night
and you know before that i put up some
other take up videos or whatever you
know i'm saying but anyways guys thanks
a lot in peace out